hi YouTube um I'm really sorry for being
m.i.a recently I've been super busy and
one of the reasons why is because I was
working on a project with the magazine
today's bride I did um a few wedding
nail designs for them using OPI in
Nicole by OPI products so a lot of show
you guys what I've been working on and I
promise to get back in the groove of
making nail tutorials regularly um and
also to make up for it I am having a
giveaway on my next video so hope you
two die out for it and yeah so thank you
guys for watching and I hope that you
enjoyed these wedding English nail
designs a lot of them are pretty simple
because um I just feel like it's the
most appropriate for a wedding like
these are um designs I would wear to my
own wedding and also thank you guys for
all of the kind comments on my
engagement proposal video I read them
all and I really appreciate it and I'm
so happy and excited and I'm happy that
you guys are happy and excited for me
too and so yeah um here are the designs
i did and if I do get featured in the
magazine today's bride I will let you
guys know so you can go and see me in
the magazine I
you
Oh